Personal

Brahmakumaris is a great organisation. Though god himself established this family, with the physical medium of brahma. People there do not have any kind of ego
due to it. Generally, the more people believe that god himself established that current society in which they were born or converted to, the more ego there is/ 
supposed to be in such peoples?. They instead have no ego. They are egoless peoples. Ofcourse that was bound to happen, when god himself will affect some one p
ersonally, how can he keep the sense of self, he is bound to become someone above him, the god conscious, the soul counscious. That sense of self is the outcom
e of what meeting with god feels like. The feeling that baba once delivered to us, we also have to make other people feel the same. This is what baap saman is.
	By time any organisation runs this long, is bound to have the leavers -> they have left the orgasitation established by the god himself. But our dear Baba 
assures us that they will come here only, where else could they go to other than father. The drama is kalyankari. Then some of them become traitors, those who 
could not complete their knowledge and began passing negative comments on this organisation. Then there are some who are playing little little games. They seem
to be using the same words of god, in a way that he did not intend it to be. My baba just said those words, out of pure love and accurately as per drama. They 
should be repeated with the same depth with which they were first uttered.

	Due to unexpected conditions that might have aroused which their following in this organisation, those blessed souls, feel god is not there. This is only t
he lack of knowledge that they are having about the god and the world. They lost the trust in god and the peoples here. Now they feel good for others by making
them feel doubtful about this organisation. 

Should we list some the websites that are trusted by Madhuvan?
Should we list the youtube channels, the instagram users that are trusted by Madhuvan?
Should we list the personalities that are trusted by Madhuvan?

But would this action itself, create a sense of rift?
Our hope is that the new students, who are not knowing what are the words of god and what is not? What is their true meaning? They might feel overwhelmed by th
a amount of information available at the tips and might be diverted from the original aim. The original aim of god is to establish a kindgom of golden age on t
his earth. We who were so sad and called him in our sad times, the one known as father the supreme, have already come now and is doing the same very practicall
y. Ofcourse his first task is to get his children back to the pure state that they were born with. Because with this purity power only, they will be born again
. He must now take all his children to home, the sweet home. Where all resides in peace. Even now there are souls that are residing there peacefully, and are c
oming down to earth upto this day even when there is so much tamopradhanata in this shrishti. This is the part they play in this drama. We the gods and godesse
s have been from heaven. A place where all the residents are divine. 



Thoughts
True way to feel relaxed is to increase the threshold for the feel of rest. This can be done by keeping doing things. Keep doing the hard things.
A single peace of music for 10 mins listened in focused state heals. But continuous music of 2.5 hours distracts and decreases energy
Stay aware of yourself. You are a soul using this body to play your part.
I am a soul playing my part.
