Time taken to clean the file is - 15 mins max
Time taken to refill the utililty file is - 40 min max
export and import errorless - 10 min max
time to find and note the issues - 40 min max

Don't put many values in cg and os - only the new
ones

Don't copy paste the values

Some green fields in the table is autocalculated
don't fill them

Remember to select "yes" when confirmation prompt 
window appears (notwithstanding the entry "yes"
or "no" in opted for previous year

the learning from previous delays?


	
Types of testing
	(the testing is to be done for Current AY and Previous AY)
	(Utility can be filled manually or by importing a json file)
1. Min fill tests (only the bare minimum fields to be filled)
2. Medium fill tests (Fill many fields ank keep some blank, fill bare minimum fields in the tables)
3. Max fill tests (fill all the visible and allowed fields)
4. Add rows testing (Use add rows buttons for all the tables and add block buttons for all the blocks)
4. json validation tests (against schema)
5. Import tested (verify that all the fields are imported as they were filled in the utility)
6. json tag verification tests ( verify that all tags are generated with the right value
9. Identical json test (to fill the utility -> to generate json -> to import the json -> to generate json -> find the difference between the two)
10. Data type testing (Verify the data being accepted is as per the rules- No more no less)
11. Validation testing (Verify the fields and sheets are getting activated and deactivated as per rules)
12. Error messages testing (Verify the error messages are as per rules - (when wrong input provided, when mandatory left blank, when validation or calculation rule is not met)
13. Label testing (Verify all the labels are as per rules and de)
14. Business rules and calculation testing (Verify all the calculation are as per rules)
15. Defect Sheet testing( Verify wether the issues received in the defect are valid or not)
16. Bifurcation (Bifurcate the issues in Current AY and Previous category)
17. Prefill testing - (Verify the issues are correct in the defect sheet for their validation)
18. Prefill testing (make the tags with proper values in a file in the json format and import the prefill to find any defects)






		


